perf(treesitter): cache queries strongly (#31974)
neovim/neovim: runtime/doc/news.txt

  inflight requests). This greatly improves performance with slow LSP servers.
• 10x speedup for |vim.treesitter.foldexpr()| (when no parser exists for the
  buffer).

> • The |treesitter-query| parsing cache is now strong, so
>   |vim.treesitter.query.get()| and |vim.treesitter.query.parse()| are now much
>   quicker, consistently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
• Stronger |treesitter-query| caching makes repeat  |vim.treesitter.query.get()| and |vim.treesitter.query.parse()| calls significantly faster for large queries.
```
